Update Tetris (#5513)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/tetris/readme.md

===
A compact 40% (12x4) ortholinear keyboard (Planck Mit layout) with per switch RGB and encoder made by Fengz. 

> Fake keys at the 4th row is to config the encoder's keycode.

Reviewer: @yanfali .... maybe we need configurator support for encoders? :)

> Fake keys at the 4th row is to config the encoder's keycode.

Reviewer 2: The fake keys are actually on the fifth row. Grammar fixes here as well.

```suggestion
Fake keys on the 5th row are for configuring the encoder's keycode.
```

    make tetris:default

> See [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) then the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information.

Reviewer 2: Could you update this please?

```suggestion
See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
```
